README.md, before:

### Instead of using the README, you can also directly visit the GitHub page, which includes the same content as this storage device.

# Improvement of Emotion Recognition on German text corpora

The content of this project will be divided into two sections: 
- Implementation of the ER System (see `src/` folder).
- All experiments conducted for the master thesis (see `Experiment` folder).

The first includes the final and resulting implementation based on the investigated results of the master thesis. The latter includes all experiments and investigations to prove the legitimacy and performance of the final implementation, which were also well documented in the thesis. The goal is to have the chance to reproduce the experiments and get the system running on your own machine. 

Both sections `src` and `Experiment` have their own README files. To get further details about the setup and the content of the sections, please go into the corresponding directories.

To get to the ER implementation:
```bash
cd src
```

To get to the experiments:
```bash
cd Experiment
```

Commit message:

Add README files and data collection

README.md, after:

### Instead of using the README, you can also directly visit the GitHub page, which includes the same content as this storage device.

# Improvement of Emotion Recognition on German text corpora

The content of this project will be divided into three sections: 
- A simplified implementation of how to create the data similar to the final dataset of this thesis (see `Data collecting` folder).
- All experiments conducted for the master thesis (see `Experiment` folder).
- Implementation of the ER System (see `src/` folder).

The first includes a simplified approach of the data collection to create a dataset similar to the one of this thesis. The second includes all experiments and investigations to prove the legitimacy and performance of the final implementation, which were also well documented in the thesis. The third includes the final and resulting implementation based on the investigated results of the master thesis. The goal is to have the possibility to reproduce the experiments and get the system running on your own machine. 

All sections `Data Collecting`, `Experiment` and `src` have their own README files. To get further details about the setup and the content of the sections, please go into the corresponding directories.

To get to the data collector:
```bash
cd 'Data Collecting'
```

To get to the experiments:
```bash
cd Experiment
```

To get to the ER implementation:
```bash
cd src
```
